Removing Dead Link (#2529)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365.md

  
- By purchasing the a Calling Plan (domestic or domestic and international) for Office 365. See [Phone System and Calling Plans](calling-plan-landing-page.md)

>     

Author: See [Plan for Skype for Business Cloud Connector Edition](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/plan-your-phone-system-cloud-pbx-solution/plan-skype-for-business-cloud-connector-edition).

Reviewer: @TokyoScarab click on the three dots at right and select **edit file** to edit your PR,

> - By using on-premises PSTN connectivity, where software on premises connects with your existing telephony infrastructure. See [Plan for Skype for Business Cloud Connector Edition](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/plan-your-phone-system-cloud-pbx-solution/plan-skype-for-business-cloud-connector-edition).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using on-premises PSTN connectivity, where software on premises connects with your existing telephony infrastructure. See [Microsoft telephony solutions](https://docs.microsoft.com/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/msft-telephony-solutions).
```
